if we want the economy to grow longterm
if we want affordability we need to use
more energy and get it at a cheaper
price you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you how are we going
to get not just more energy but cheaper
well in this case here we are talking
about nuclear energy when we break it
down you got to look at this from a top
down okay understand that nuclear for a
period of time was very popular started
to gain popularity and then it really
had its last leg right at Fukushima now
a lot has changed over the years there's
a lot new technology so the old stuff
from 40 years ago it's very different
from what we have today that's based on
my limited research of nuclear now you
look around the world and see that some
countries do it some countries don't
other places like that they can really
use geothermal or they because they're
in Iceland or they can use soul because
they live in the desert that is a
different circumstance from some place
where they are highly Reliant for
instance in Europe they were highly
reliant on the energy coming from Russia
and they built all these pipelines they
said this is going to be our energy
source and instead they started shutting
down all the nuclear and saying we don't
want that anymore we got this thing over
here it's working great but then what
happened well of course you see what the
issue is you lock out Russia from
delivering all all that natural gas to
you all those resources to you you run
into the problem so now what we have
here are countries basically signing on
starting to sign on to nuclear this is
bullish for Uranium I have been talking
about uranium since 2020 repeatedly over
and over and over again and all those
who have listened who have bought it and
made money off it I congratulate you
Kudos on that
I'm talking here today mainly about that
we'll get into some other resources
first thing here we go Andrew Evans
embracing nuclear energy is Canada's
clearest path to Net Zero so no what
were what was happening before was like
wind solar uh whatever all these things
that they would say hey we we got to get
Net Zero we got to be carbon neutral all
this stuff you could be on one side of
the equation or the other doesn't matter
the countries are going for it most of
the countries are going for it and how
are they actually going to get there
well it's going to be using nuclear it's
going to be a mixture there's no
question but nuclear is the one because
they even have modular nuclear where we
can put it into a place where you know
it's not necessarily in the core or
something or or like Hydro so in this
case here we're talking about Ontario
and this is an example this article is
written about that Ontario has nuclear
Ontario has Hydro okay they got both
they are producing a lot of energy okay
a lot of energy more than they need but
of course it's still expensive obviously
um Ontario gets between 50 to 60% of its
power from nuclear you don't hear that
too often right uh and we're talking
about millions and millions of people
and so by the way and that nuclear plant
in Pickering did leak radioactive waste
into uh Lake Ontario to drinking water
which they did not clean up uh they said
it was not a problem but but what we
have here is an issue that you got to
look at it we need more energy how are
we going to advance what we need to use
more energy that's a fact all this AI
stuff uh I'll talk about that in a sec
but it uses more energy okay we have new
technologies they use more energy we
need that but we can't do it with coal
and all this stuff because they're
bankrupt in Coal they're making it
they're saying hey this is bad and so as
a result of that you you are going to
need to do something clean you're going
to have to use something clean or we're
going to tax you and so nuclear is going
to be that
one you're seeing it already it's time
to buy the dip in nuclear and uranium
ETFs I didn't even see a dip apparently
there was one and so they're telling you
right here Bank of America say hey buy
the dip well I don't know about that I'm
not going to tell people to buy or not
to buy but just look at look at the
insatiable demand from governments
looking at nuclear well what happens
here you got uranium that is the one
that is the you know beneficiary of this
when we talk about uh companies it could
be chemical that's the one I've been
talking about since 2020 only because
it's the biggest not because of any
particular factor and there's also the
Sprout physical so you can kind of get a
bit of both uh in there okay as an
investor Goldman Sachs boosts physical
uranium trades amid soaring prices so
Goldman Sachs is doing it they're
getting into it all right that was from
you know February but that's the case
right they're they realize that the
demand is there and they want to have
exposure to it I thought this would be
interesting I'll show you reserves of
other things as well but I wanted to
show you the uranium reserves before we
move
on looking around the world okay Canada
has a lot of uranium so imagine they
could potentially get that uranium all
right power all of the like everything
they need to in their own country with
their own resources will they do that
probably not okay but that's a different
story and Australia has a mass quantity
of that will they be able to actually
pull it out and use it we'll see
Kazakhstan of course has a lot as well
and Russia too okay so there's that
chart for you you could see this I
thought it was you know be uh something
to connect share of the world's forests
by country all right Brazil is massive
but look who's even bigger it's Russia
yes absolutely and you could see that
around the world all these different
countries this is a resource that we
need a lot of for different things we
need it for furniture and paper and
everything you could imagine so when
these countries have this they have an
advantage they could produce for
themselves great for self-sufficiency
and so on and you don't need to rely on
other countries like the United States
produces a lot of oil now will that
continue I don't know but that's what
they're doing that's a good thing that's
a positive thing all right here we have
it top 11 countries by gold reserves how
do we trust it all I don't know because
the US is at the top of the list even
though funny enough I was talking with
the finance Friday crew and um it was
funny um the secretary previous
Secretary uh treasury secretary
Stephen munchkin uh little munchkin
actually tweeted the the tweet that he
put out I'm going to butcher it but it
was glad gold is safe glad gold is
safe he went there maybe they said he
was going to go and the Tweet was glad
gold is safe didn't really do any
auditing though and didn't mention what
gold yeah anyway point is there are
reserves somewhere where are they not
sure AI is taking water from the desert
this article is just talking about the
usage how you know all these servers
they need to be cooled and so you need
uh to use that and as a result of this
um it's it's basically taking from that
groundwater who knows what they're doing
with it nobody ever knows but of course
if you're Microsoft you're going to be
able to get a pass there's no question
about it you could do whatever the heck
you want Exxon threatens to take
billions out of dollars in climate
investment out of the EU I I think
what's happening now is a lot of this
so-called green or ESG type stuff
companies are saying look I just don't
want anything to do with that we're done
with that investors are not liking it
anymore they renamed it same exact thing
they just renamed it uh but this is one
company who obviously doesn't want
anything to do with that they are saying
hey where not going to play ball all
right and then we have this cocoa Panic
world's largest chocolate here PLS 19%
Workforce cut as prices hit record highs
so resources all around and the point
here is that they can create artificial
scarcity they can create a surge in
prices it's no different than OPEC oh we
want the price to be at $100 a barrel no
problem we'll just cut our production
these things happen so keep an eye on
any particular resource we we are
pulling it out of the ground at one rate
and we're using it at another rate so
that is an extremely important metric
for any you know any commodity that you
look at you got to know what how much is
being dug up at any time how much is
actively being used and um I would also
look at any tariffs that are involved
here because if yeah China's pulling a
lot of that out of the ground but then
there's a 25% tariff on top of that well
maybe it's not worth it to go to China
that's the whole point of the tariffs
maybe the you know maybe not there maybe
I'll go here okay so keep that in mind
all the time all that information of
course is publicly available if you want
to be a part of the finance Friday I
hope that you'll join right now we got
this great group it's a small group
don't think that you know you got to be
on the zoom you don't even have to put
your face on there some people don't
show their face some people do I
appreciate everybody being there
regardless and I want you to be one of
those if you're interested in the
details hit that link in the description
don't forget to hit that thumbs up
button on the way out because when you
do you're supporting the channel you're
notifying the algorithm that this guy
still exists all right I want to see you
tomorrow take care